# Data Mesh Manager Asset Bundle Template For Databricks

This repository essentially is a copy of the [default Databricks Asset Bundle template](https://github.com/databricks/cli/tree/main/libs/template/templates/default-python) with some additions to automatically synchronize your Databricks asset bundles as dataproducts to Data Mesh Manager.

For more insight on Databricks Asset Bundles read the documentation at https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/bundles/index.html.

## Particularities

In addition to the files that are generated by the default template, the following files are added to your project:

- `datacontract.yml`: The interface definition for your data product. It is pushed to the Data Mesh Manager.
- `dataproduct.yml`: The internal definition of your data product. It is pushed to the Data Mesh Manager.
- `src/datamesh_manager/main.py` + `src/datamesh_manager/main.py`: The Python code that pushes your data product and data contract definitions to Data Mesh Manager.
- `resources/datamesh_manager_job.yml`: A job definition to execute the Data Mesh Manager related Python code.

The `setup.py` is modified to add an entry point for the Data Mesh Manager related Python code to the generated Python wheel.

## Usage

To use this template, simply run

```
databricks bundle init https://github.com/datamesh-manager/databricks-bundle-python-template
```


## Licenses

This project is distributed under the DB (Databricks) License. It includes various open-source dependencies, each governed by its respective license.

For more details, please refer to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
